DOC-3329: Premium Plugins Installation and Bundling Documentation for NPM (#3928)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/install/npm-premium-plugins-install.adoc

== Install premium plugins

For commercial customers using premium plugins, install the `+tinymce-premium+` package:

[source,sh]
----
npm install tinymce-premium@^8.3
----

include::partial$install/npm-premium-version-note.adoc[]

Or install a specific version:

[source,sh]
----
npm install tinymce-premium@8.3.0
----

[NOTE]
====
The `+tinymce-premium+` package version aligns with the `+tinymce+` package version. Always use compatible versions of both packages.
====

The `+tinymce-premium+` package includes:

* All premium plugins.
* License key manager plugin.

> * Premium skins, themes, icons, and language packs for premium plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Premium skins, icons, and language packs for premium plugins.
```
...is this a dupe of the content above? very familiar wording

[IMPORTANT]
====
The `+tinymce-premium+` package requires a commercial license. Ensure you have a valid license key before using premium plugins. You'll need to configure the `+license_key+` option in your editor initialization.

For information on obtaining a license key, see: xref:license-key.adoc[License Key].
====

After installing `+tinymce-premium+`, you need to:

> * Import or configure the premium plugins (see options below)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Import or configure to include the premium plugins (see options below)
```

* Add the plugins to your editor's `+plugins+` configuration
* Set your commercial `+license_key+` in the editor initialization

[NOTE]
====

> When bundling, you import individual premium plugins (e.g., `+import 'tinymce-premium/plugins/advcode'+`), not the package itself. You do **not** need `+import tinymcePremium from 'tinymce-premium'+` - only import the specific plugins you need.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When bundling, you can only import premium plugins individually (e.g., `+import 'tinymce-premium/plugins/advcode'+`). You can **not**  include  `+import 'tinymce-premium'+` - only import the specific plugins you need.
```
